docs/usage/overview.md, before:

# Using PiNN

Components of PiNN are written in the language of Keras Layers and Models, those
are referred to as PiNN `layers` and `networks` respectively.

PiNN `layers` are reusable operations in training ANNs, e.g. calculation of
neighboring lists, or radial basis functions. 

PiNN `networks` are defined ANN architectures that makes atomic predictions.
Since PiNN `networks` are essentially Keras Models, wich is ready for simple
regression tasks.

In addition to layers and networks, PiNN implement several models. PiNN `models`
interpret the output of ANNs as physical quantities, e.g. atomic energies. Those
`models` enables the training of quantities derives from the atomic predictions,
like forces and dipole moments. 

PiNN `models` are implemented as TensorFlow estimators. `models` are also
responsible for interfacing with external libraries like `ASE` to run
simulations.

## What to read

If you want to use PiNN for fitting a machine-learned potential, just read the
available options of the [potential model](potential.md) and whatever network
(likely [PiNet](pinet.md)) you'd like to use. 

If you want to use ANN for prediction of some customized property, you can read
how to use [networks](networks.md) for regression, or building a
[model](models.md) for more complex tasks.

If you are interested in developing novel ANN architectures using PiNN, you
might want to read about the structures of our implemented networks, and
avaiable [layers](../empty.md) in PiNN.

Commit message:

[wip] rework the structure of model parameters

docs/usage/overview.md, after:

# Using PiNN

## Architecture: layers and network

Components of PiNN are written in the language of Keras Layers and Models, those
are referred to as PiNN `layers` and `networks` respectively.

PiNN `layers` are reusable operations in training ANNs, e.g. calculation of
neighboring lists, or radial basis functions. 

PiNN `networks` are defined ANN architectures that makes atomic predictions.
Since PiNN `networks` are essentially Keras Models, wich is ready for simple
regression tasks.

## Models

In addition to layers and networks, PiNN implement several models. PiNN `models`
interpret the output of ANNs as physical quantities, e.g. atomic energies. Those
`models` enables the training of quantities derives from the atomic predictions,
like forces and dipole moments. 

PiNN `models` are implemented as TensorFlow estimators. `models` are also
responsible for interfacing with external libraries like `ASE` to run
simulations.

## What to read

See the [notebook](notebooks/overview.md) examples to get started.

If you want to use PiNN for fitting a machine-learned potential, read the
available options of the [potential model](potential.md) and whatever network
(likely [PiNet](pinet.md)) you'd like to use. 

If you are interested in developing novel ANN architectures using PiNN, you
might want to read about the structures of our implemented networks, and
avaiable [layers](../empty.md) in PiNN.
